# ECE444-F2021-Lab6
What are the pros and cons of TDD?

The pros of TDD are you are certain what you want and there is no ambiguity in what the results should be. The benefit of no ambiguity is the code will have good architecture. When team members see the tests in TTD, they also get a clear picture of what you are trying to accomplish, and it is easy for them to bring up any concerns if they have any and not wait for the module to finish. Since the test is already there when you completed the code, any logic errors can be detected right away, and not letting the bug escalate to where it starts causing dependency issues making it hard to track the source of the bug. Finally, automated regression test no longer needs to be developed saving everyone loads of time in the future.

The cons of TDD are the tests can take a very long time to develop so the initial process for any TDD is very slow. The slow process may cause the team to miss deadlines if they are under a strict timeline. If the TDD process is not applied at the very beginning of the project life cycle, and there is legacy code involved, it is very challenging to follow the procedure. The developer might realize the test is unrealistic or there has been a shift in the requirements and then must waste time refactoring the tests. Finally, if the test is written incorrectly then the code will return a false positive. The code is correct but because the unit test is incorrect, it states that the code is incorrect which can waste a lot of time for developers trying to determine what is wrong. There is an ambiguity if the test is incorrect or if the code is incorrect.
